\input texinfo
@setfilename 3d_viewer_v2.0.info
@documentencoding UTF-8

@settitle 3d_viewer

@copying
Copyright (c) hjerilyn tblitzcr 2022
@end copying

@titlepage
@title 3d_viewer
@subtitle «3d_viewer_v2.0»
@author hjerilyn tblitzcr

@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@headings off

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Foo Compiler
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Description:                
* Bonus functions::              
@end menu

@node Description
@chapter Description

@itemize @bullet
@item
3DViewer is a program for visualizing a wireframe model in 3D space. Designed to load a wireframe 3d model of an object from an .obj file.

@item
Main functions:

@itemize @minus
@item
Displaying on the application screen a wireframe 3d model of an object loaded from an .obj file.
@item
The ability to move the 3d model of an object on the screen along the x, y, z axes by a given number of units.
@item
The ability to rotate the 3d model of an object on the application screen around the x, y, z axes by a given value of the rotation angle in degrees.
@item
The ability to increase and decrease the 3d-model of the object on the screen in accordance with the specified coefficient.
@end itemize

@end itemize

@node Bonus functions
@chapter Bonus functions

@itemize @bullet
@item
In the additional settings under the displayed 3d model, you can select:

@itemize @minus
@item
Type of projection - central and parallel;
@item
Background color;
@item
Type of edges - solid and dotted;
@item
Color of edges;
@item
Size of edges;
@item
Type of vertices - none, round or square;
@item
Color of vertices;
@item
Size of vertices;
@end itemize

@item
Settings are saved between application restarts. in config.txt file, on button "Save".
@item
By clicking the "JPEG" button, you can save the displayed 3d model on the screen as a file in the .jpeg format.
@item
By clicking the ".GIF" button, you can save a GIF from a small screencast recorded after pressing the button.

@end itemize

@bye
